[libc++][hardening] Introduce assertion semantics (#148268)
llvm/llvm-project: libcxx/docs/Hardening.rst

   pre-built components. Most libc++ code is header-based, so a user-provided
   value for ``_LIBCPP_HARDENING_MODE`` will be mostly respected.

> In some cases, users might want to override the default assertion semantic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, users might want to override the assertion semantic used by the library.
```

IMO the word `default` is confusing here -- the default semantic is something that the vendors would set, not the users.

things, it has to store the error message strings) but makes the failure easier
to debug. It also allows testing the error messages in our test suite.

This default behavior can be customized by users via :ref:`assertion semantics
<assertion-semantics>`; it can also be completely overridden by vendors by
providing a :ref:`custom assertion failure handler
<override-assertion-handler>`.

.. _assertion-semantics:

> Assertion semantics

Reviewer: General comment: we need to mention (or at least plan for) what happens when C++26 Contracts are implemented. In particular, there will be a time when Clang and libc++ will implement Contracts and the Contracts runtime (`class std::contract_violation`, etc). Furthermore, we'll want libc++ to be a valid C++26 _Hardened Implementation_, which requires that hardening failures be treated as contract violations.

When that's the case, what should happen with `_LIBCPP_ASSERTION_SEMANTIC`?
